add ray io docs for app level autoscaling (#57756)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/advanced-autoscaling.md

* **`ctx.aggregated_metrics[metric_name]`** — A time-weighted average computed from the raw metric values for each replica.

> Today, aggregation is a time-weighted average. In future releases, additional aggregation options may be supported.

### Application level autoscaling

By default, each deployment in Ray Serve autoscales independently. When you have multiple deployments that need to scale in a coordinated way—such as deployments that share backend resources, have dependencies on each other, or need load-aware routing—you can define an **application-level autoscaling policy**. This policy makes scaling decisions for all deployments within an application simultaneously.

#### Define an application level policy

> An application-level autoscaling policy is a function that takes a dictionary of [`AutoscalingContext`](../api/doc/ray.serve.config.AutoscalingContext.rst) objects (one per deployment) and returns a tuple of `(decisions, policy_state)`. Each context contains metrics and bounds for one deployment, and the policy returns target replica counts for all deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application-level autoscaling policy is a function that takes a Dict[DeploymentID, [`AutoscalingContext`](../api/doc/ray.serve.config.AutoscalingContext.rst)] (one per deployment) and returns a tuple of `(decisions, policy_state)`. Each context contains metrics and bounds for one deployment, and the policy returns target replica counts for all deployments.
```

The following example shows a policy that scales deployments based on their relative load, ensuring that downstream deployments have enough capacity for upstream traffic:

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/autoscaling_policy.py
:language: python
:start-after: __begin_application_level_autoscaling_policy__
:end-before: __end_application_level_autoscaling_policy__
```

#### Configure application level autoscaling

To use an application-level policy, you need to define your deployments:

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/application_level_autoscaling.py
:language: python
:start-after: __serve_example_begin__
:end-before: __serve_example_end__
```

Then specify the application-level policy in your application config:

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/application_level_autoscaling.yaml
:language: yaml
:emphasize-lines: 4-5
```

:::{note}
Programmatic configuration of application-level autoscaling policies through `serve.run()` will be supported in a future release.
:::

:::{note}

> When you specify both a deployment-level policy and an application-level policy, the application-level policy takes precedence. Ray Serve logs a warning if you configure both.

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this be the other way around?
